Add PR template and contributing doc (#915)
tskit-dev/tskit: docs/development.rst

    proposed addition should be added to the codebase, proceed!

1. Make your own `fork <https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/>`_
   of the ``tskit`` repository on GitHub, and
   `clone <https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/>`_
   a local copy as detailed in :ref:`sec_development_getting_started_environment`.

2. Make sure that your local repository has been configured with an
   `upstream remote <https://help.github
   .com/articles/configuring-a-remote-for-a-fork/>`_::

   $ git remote add upstream git@github.com:tskit-dev/tskit.git

3. Create a "topic branch" to work on. One reliable way to do it
   is to follow this recipe::

    $ git fetch upstream
    $ git checkout upstream/main
    $ git checkout -b topic_branch_name

4. Write your code following the outline in :ref:`sec_development_best_practices`.
   As you work on your topic branch you can add commits to it. Once you're
   ready to share this, you can then open a `pull request
   <https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/>`__. This can be done at any time
   if you would like feedback on incomplete code, the drop-down button to create a PR

>    has a "draft PR" option for this.

Reviewer: maybe make this more encouraging, like
"This can be done at any time! You don't have to have code that is completely functional and tested to get feedback:
use the drop-down button to create a "draft PR" to indicate that it's not done, and explain in the comments what feedback you need and/or what you think needs to be done."

Reviewer: also, put "(PR)" after "pull request"

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/tskit-dev/tskit/pull/915/commits/68c03c53e0f671a3728db678a16908d02bfedea0

> 5. As you code it is best to `rebase <https://stdpopsim.readthedocs.io/en/

Reviewer 2: maybe be explicit here about how merging effes things up?

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/tskit-dev/tskit/pull/915/commits/68c03c53e0f671a3728db678a16908d02bfedea0

   latest/development.html#rebasing>`_ your work onto the ``main`` branch periodically
   (e.g. once a week) to keep up with changes.

6. Once you're done coding add content to the tutorial and other documentation pages if
   appropriate.

> 7. Update the change logs, taking care to document any breaking changes separately.

Reviewer: link to these?

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/tskit-dev/tskit/pull/915/commits/68c03c53e0f671a3728db678a16908d02bfedea0

8. Push your changes to your topic branch and either open the PR or, if you
   opened a draft PR above change it to a non-draft PR by clicking "Ready to
   Review".

9. The tskit community will review the code, asking you to make changes where appropriate.

>    This can often take a couple of rounds of review.

Reviewer: "a couple" is optimistic - maybe "This usually takes at least two rounds of review."?

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/tskit-dev/tskit/pull/915/commits/68c03c53e0f671a3728db678a16908d02bfedea0

> 10. Once the review process is complete squash the commits to the minimal set of changes -

Reviewer: comma after 'squash' (or is "complete squash" the technical term for how we feel after extensively discussing something?) =)

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/tskit-dev/tskit/pull/915/commits/68c03c53e0f671a3728db678a16908d02bfedea0

>     usually one or two. Please follow `this guide <https://stdpopsim.readthedocs.io/en/stable/development.html#rebasing>`_ for step-by-step

Reviewer: "usually one or two commits"

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/tskit-dev/tskit/pull/915/commits/68c03c53e0f671a3728db678a16908d02bfedea0

    instructions on rebasing and squashing commits.

> 11. Your PR will be merged, open the champagne! 🎉🍾

Reviewer: love it, but maybe "time to celebrate!!" for the non-drinkers?

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/tskit-dev/tskit/pull/915/commits/68c03c53e0f671a3728db678a16908d02bfedea0

   .com/articles/configuring-a-remote-for-a-fork/>`_::

   $ git remote add upstream git@github.com:tskit-dev/tskit.git

3. Create a "topic branch" to work on. One reliable way to do it
   is to follow this recipe::

    $ git fetch upstream
    $ git checkout upstream/main
    $ git checkout -b topic_branch_name

4. Write your code following the outline in :ref:`sec_development_best_practices`.
   As you work on your topic branch you can add commits to it. Once you're
   ready to share this, you can then open a `pull request
   <https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/>`_ (PR). This can be done at any
   time! You don't have to have code that is completely functional and tested to get
   feedback. Use the drop-down button to create a "draft PR" to indicate that it's not
   done, and explain in the comments what feedback you need and/or what you think needs
   to be done.

5. As you code it is best to `rebase <https://stdpopsim.readthedocs.io/en/
   latest/development.html#rebasing>`_ your work onto the ``main`` branch periodically
   (e.g. once a week) to keep up with changes. If you merge ``main`` via ``git pull upstream main``

>    it will create a much more complex rebase when your code is finally merged when done, so

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  it will create a much more complex rebase when your code is finally ready to be incorporated into the main branch, so
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/tskit-dev/tskit/pull/915/commits/67e82ec2a6415bbb272b78e32eae7d422e72c19c
